hey guys it's innate and today I have
special guest her name is Lily yeah this
is my little sister and today I'm going
to be interviewing her you ready how old
are you Hey six and a half how old do
you wish you were you wish you were ten
why do you want to be 10 there's a
certain reason that you would like to be
10 or you just want to be done because
it's 10 10 is such like a milestone you
want to be 10 you just want to be men
what grade are you going into R Us crazy
whoa I'm gonna party can't tell me that
can you what is it like having an ugly
sister agree oh thank you Aaliyah what
is your biggest regret in life hmm who
is Harry Styles hearing yeah who is he
cuz I don't know yes you do Harry from
one direction ah can you name everyone
one correction no they and the other one
we know Haley if you are on an island
and you could only bring three things
what would you bring the water anything
good good you can only bring three about
that's what laughing liner in my house
okay you wouldn't bring anything to help
you get off the island you would just
stay there live there haha would you
rather Michael Clifford touch you with a
20-foot pole or a 40-foot pole what is
your favorite ice cream flavor hurry
what watermelon that's an ice cream
flavor okay see ya Danny strawberry okay
and the me oh yeah the mint chocolate
chip yeah living on the edge who are
your heroes
you me I'm your hero daddy oh and mommy
hey do a boyfriend that's a hard
decision how many boyfriends do you huh
oh my god that many you came to think
about it I do you have a boyfriend or
not do you you don't know not you're
serious have you had your first kiss
can you kissed a boy thank you I don't
know did you have a wild time in
preschool here whisper in my ear tell me
how are you real thanks I'm the weird
one yes I'm the weird sibling yeah I'm
so weird cuz I hit myself in the face
all the time oh my god ah what is your
favorite food no yeah yeah fine you cake
top what does suck my ass mean okay you
don't answer bad yeah what annoys you
the most about me and your brother our
brother what do i do that's annoying say
that bad oh yeah okay so thank you guys
for watching if you could give this
video wait safe to say it with me if you
can use this video some
anyone feel free if you could get the
hey don't leave me hanging oh my god you
can't just leave me hanging here and
move the camera okay thank you guys for
watching she's crazy if you could give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and don't move the camera you can follow
me on twitter and instagram the links
will be in the description and if you
enjoy my sister being in this video you
can subscribe and also sums it up right
for the thumbs up yeah how many thumbs
up did you give it now five hundred
thousand million to thank you for
watching and I will see
the stars and stripes are ripping up my
dad can guarantee when the bass drum
jobs like this go dynamite and nobody
don't stop to the cows not back then we
gettin locked up tonight